Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes. And today
I'm talking with Jafar Soltani
he's a lead software engineer
at rare out of the
UK. How are you? I'm
very well, thank you. How
are you doing lovely. So
you've been at rare for,
for a while now. 10
years, it looks like, yeah,
I joined re January because
as an, an eight, which
is almost 10 years now,
how many games have you
worked on in 10 years
of probably five or six
games. Wow. Games take years.
Don't they? Yeah, absolutely. I
mean, I'm not like by
no means I'm the, one
of the oldest people here.
Like we have people who've
been here since the beginning,
like 25 or even longer
than that 25 years or
more. Oh, wow. So yeah,
they they've seen everything they've
seen like from the old
times into now, what is
a triple a game? I
hear that term all the
time when I read, you
know, game journalism. And so
AAA games are the games
that you usually make for,
for consoles. You, you can
always make them for PC
as well. And they are
the ones that really push
the limit in terms of
technology. Graphics is there is
a main one. So it's
very important. The performance of
the game is very important.
So there's a lot of
optimization going on and people
try to basically make the
best thing possible. It's kind
of turns into an art
as opposed to like just
a, a product that you
release. Cause people are proud
of it when they, when
they release it and they
want to show to the
players the best vision possible.
How many people will work
on a game like that?
Like you're what are you
working on right now? So
we are working on CFA
thieves for Xbox one X,
one X and PC. But
over the years, a number
of people working on these
games have increased massively right
now. I think for us,
we have about 150 people
working on this. Oh my,
how are you working on
this for the past three
years? Seriously? Yeah. It's been
a, it's been a long
journey. That must be hard
because I know that they
announced the sea of thieves
with like a big, Big
announcement and big videos and
everything. And for, for basically
two years and six months
before that you're working on
it quietly without telling anyone.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. That's and
that's like, that's one of,
some of, sometimes it's a,
it's a joy, but it's
also very hard because you
can't really tell other people
and your friends might be
asking you. It's very hard
not to tell them very
much about the game, but
with this game, the difference
is that we are, we
are, we are as opposed
to doing a one big
release at the end, which
is the main characteristic of
these AAA games. We have
been releasing it to, to,
we call it retail environment.
It's equivalent of production environment
for over two years. But
at the beginning it was
just people at Greer who
were playing the games at
home. Ah, okay. So rather
than kind of a traditional
waterfall where like you say,
there's a big, there's a
big release and then maybe
some patches afterwards you're using
continuous delivery on a AAA
video game. That's what we
are trying to do. Yes.
And it is very hard
and it takes time. Interesting.
Well, let me back up
to some of the basics.
You have 150, 150 people
working in this. You have
artists and musicians and you
have build engineers and you
have core engine engineer, all
different flavors of engineers. Do
they open up visual studio
and build the thing and
it's like one giant project
or is it a hundred
different projects? How does it
get built? And can I
build it on my lap?
So yeah, this is a
very good question. Yes. They
all have to build the
game is generally because it's
written in C plus plus
as opposed to like Java
or C sharp or other
higher level languages. It is
reasonably C plus plus as
one big project. So it,
and it takes a long
time to compile. So you
need to have a powerful
PCs to, to build the
game. And it only takes
a while. And these are
part of the challenges because
at the same time, people
want to get fast feedback
about making the change, but
to say it only takes
a long time to compile
it for instance. So there
are a lot of challenges
in developing games that you
rarely see when you're developing,
let's say web applications or
other types of applications that
are a lot smaller Is
the primary challenge that it
is so big or is
the primary challenge that it's
in C plus plus. And
you have to think about
memory leaks or is that
a thing of the past?
No, no, definitely. Like you
have to think of what
all of them, there are,
there are many challenges and
we can go through them.
But just to give you
some examples, like compiling, the
C plus plus is, is
obviously reducing the time is
one of the biggest challenges.
Also the games are quite
big, like Monte gigabytes, like
there are games that are
out now for instance, Onyx
box one, that there are
about a hundred gigabyte Homer.
So imagine that you want
to build this and just,
just transfer this around that
we have, we have a
build farm that tries to
make the package, build the
game, making the package, run
some tests on it. And
we can't just have one
machine doing all of it.
So we try to parallelize
some of these work, but
obviously this means that we
have to transfer these packages
across. And sometimes it's even
faster to do the work
on one machine as opposed
to paralyzing it. So these
are all the challenges there.
Okay. Well, when you say
build though, I think it's
different with a game because
the idea that like, there's
the C plus plus code,
you're not compiling 100 gigabytes
of code. You've got cutscenes,
you've got renders, you've got
multiple textures, like building is,
is more than just code
isn't it? That's absolutely right.
Yes. Sorry. And like, if
you want to kind of
think about it and maybe
the executable that is basically
the code is about maybe
a hundred, 150 megabyte, which
is about basically less than
1% of the total size
the rest are. Or do
you find the sound, the
music, the, the effect, the,
the videos, as you said,
and just general art, art
assets, like the textures and
all of the animation, all
of this other stuff, those
are the ones that take
the biggest amount of space.
And we need to convert
them from, like, let's say
they are being developed or
authored in. Let's say, I
don't know, three D studio
max or Maya or other.
These are some of tools,
but we can't just run,
run them without format on
the, on the console. So
we need to convert them
to format that can be
played and displayed on a
console. So there's a lot
of work there as well.
Okay. And that takes longer
than compiling. Ah, okay. Can
you optimize that so that
the person locally is only
just doing the Delta? Like
if I change one line
of code, do I hit
control shift B and then
come back tomorrow? No, definitely.
These are the things that
we try to try to
optimize. Cause if you think
about it, like when the
game reaches that escape, what
you're working on is, is
probably one person or even
less than that. So it
doesn't make sense for you
to have to generate the
whole a hundred percent if
you're just making 1% change
to that thing. So there's,
there's a plenty of opportunity
to try to optimize for
different things Is the best
way. When you have something
that big, where you're trying
to create a game package
that represents this monolithic application
and the game package, I
assume consists of the C
plus plus code the art,
the audio and video content
to have to decide that
no one will build it
locally, that you should use
the build farm only. Or
do you think there's the
concept of a local build
go away when you're making
something this big, We, people
still have to build local,
especially programmers cause they they're
making changes to the, to
the game. So they need
to compile it again. Let's
say they're making changes to
how render the game. So
they need to compile it
again. Whereas for, for artists,
they, they can use the,
like the latest version that
were built by our bill
form, let's say, and they
can just use that. So
for them it's less of
an issue. They hopefully most
of the times they would
use the output that are
generated from the build farm.
But sometimes like when you're
making changes to assets, you
need some code that goes
along with that because that's
a, you change the format
for some certain assets. So
you need the code, you
can use an older version
of the code, otherwise doesn't
understand the formula. How did
people do this before you
start doing continuous delivery before
you build a build farm?
I know that they were
a render farms and things
to handle the huge amount
of assets. But when, when
someone built the gold master
version, was it just built
on like Anna's laptop? And
then that's where we burn
the CD off of her
laptop. And that's the official
game. Yes. That's a very
veteran. That's how it used
to be. And when I
started working here, that was
exactly that like we had,
our build phone was one
or maybe two PCs and
it was taking in of
like people were not even
bothered making multiple builds a
day. They were just making
a build. Like there was
a concept of nightly built
that basically you accumulate all
the changes throughout the day
and then you build it
overnight. And by following day,
you'd see maybe didn't work
and you have to go
back and try to fix
them. And in the meantime
you accumulated a lot of
changes at the same time.
So, but now to compare
that to now, we have
our build farm is about
a hundred PCs and they
all are like physical disease.
And the other issue like
with 40 cores and SST.
So it is like, I'm
sorry, did you say 40
cores? 40 cores? Yes. Two
CPS 40 cores. Yeah. I
mean the 64 gigabyte of
memory and maybe with one
terabyte of SSD and Vme
drive. So they are quite
beefy. Oh wow. That's a
joke. Yeah. And we are
still struggling. Like we are,
we are like, because basically
the problem is that people
will want to be. What
we promoted for people to
do is to work with
small batches. And by that,
I mean like small, what
can small increments so they
can make a few tweaks,
submit that, get fast feedback
on that and make another
change. So the faster you
can process these changes, the
more changes they're going to
throw at you. So it's
basically a constant battle. Now
you're going to fill in
the hundreds, like a hundred
is fine for a while.
And then people change their
approach. They throw more changes
at it and then a
hundred is not enough anymore.
You have to increase that.
Well, the goal with continuous
delivery, as I understand it
is that the thing you
are continuously delivering needs to
always be shippable. It just
needs to be some level
of quality. So right now
it's a random Tuesday that
we're talking, you should be
able to ship it right
now. Right. It would have,
it would not be user
1.0, but you could ship
it today, right? Yeah. Yes.
And that's, that's definitely our
plan. And that's what we
have been trying to do
is every day we would
have a release candidate. And
at the moment what we
do is we release weekly.
So when we get to
release, we should have in
theory, five candidates that we
choose from, we say, which
one do we do? We
want to ship. But I
mean, in practice sometimes like
incident happens. For instance, people
might make mistakes or due
to some other problems. You
may not get a candidate.
And in those situation we
call these incidents and we,
we don't let any other
changes to go in when
something like this happens. So
we basically lock our Depot.
We prevent anybody making further
changes because potentially they can
make the situation worse by
adding more on top of
that, introducing new failures. So
we basically block everybody from
committing back until we resolve
that issue. We make sure
that we can, we are
shippable again. And when, once
we are, we have a
candidate, then we let other
people to carry on working.
When you said that you
have five candidates, is it
the last five good builds?
And then you just pick
one That's right. So every
day have one candidate. And
like, because we releasing weekly.
So we get five candidates
within that period that the
best case scenario, I think
people who are listening might,
it might have developed with
continuous delivery and continuous integration,
you know, and they may
have done that in the
last three, four or five
years. Some people may have
been doing it as long
as 10 or 15 years
ago. When I was in
banking, we had introduced continuous
delivery around 12, 12 to
15 years ago. Why aren't
games doing this today? Why
is it, why is this
a new thing for, for
AAA video games? That's a
good question. Culture and our
different reasons. I think that's
probably one of them as
well, generally. I mean, one
of the, one of the
problems that like, people are
not feeling comfortable releasing a
game that is incomplete because
it's like it's working progress.
So even for us like
changing, like here, our mindset
to say, is this like
a good, like arguing over
what's the acceptable quality. Cause
if you want to Polish
everything from day one, you
will not have many features
in the game because he
spent a lot of time
polishing a lot of stuff.
So understanding what's an accepted
level of quality is very
hard, especially when there aren't
many features in the game
already as a, as a
way to comparing it against.
So that's one of the
reasons that people tend to
not show their progress until
until the end, when they're
like super proud of it.
So that's, that's one reason.
And also the change we
are making here is because
this is the game. See
your theme supposed to be
a game as a service,
which means like, as opposed
to doing one big release
and maybe few patches, the
idea is that this would
run for many years and
you, you get feedback from
players and you iterate over
them. So if sometimes if
you don't really, I'm not
saying that you don't care
about the feedback, but if
like that's not the model
you want to work with,
then there are less reasons
for you to try to
adopt considerably. Although I would
disagree with that because like,
there are other benefits such
as you don't necessarily crunch.
That's one of the biggest
problems with video games. Usually
towards the end, the last
three months, three, four months
to shipping the game. Like
people work crazy hours. There
are a lot of like
all the time. There are
a lot of crunches and
people at work over the
weekend and people get stressed
a lot and people burn
out. I mean, this has
been mentioned a lot in
the past, so, and that
was just one of the
other reasons that we didn't
want this to be the
case, because we know that
there's like, if you want
to have happier developers, we
can't keep like crunching. Especially
you mentioned, if you want
to release regularly and for
each one you want to
crunch, that's not very sustainable.
So that, that term crunch
that we've all had. I
mean, I've, I've had, we
call them like death marches
or, you know, heroic efforts
and things like that. Why
did, why has crunched become
a part of gaming development
culture? And is this a
direct response to trying to
stop that because you've been
doing this 10 years and
you, you seem like you're
not burned out. So I'm
hoping that I think it's
working out, not, not crunching
seems like a good thing
for everybody, right? Work life
balance matters. Yeah, definitely. Definitely.
I mean, I have, I
have crunched a lot on
the previous project, but not,
not, not on the, on
this one, luckily over the
last three years and not
many people really have a
crunch on this project, which
is a really good thing.
We're really proud of that.
But I think the reason
is, cause a lot of
times you, I mean, you
hire maybe graduates or people
who are fairly junior and
they are really passionate. So
they want to spend all
their time trying to produce
the best possible outcome they
can. And this it's a
more, a matter of pride.
And also sometimes like there
are some hard deadlines that
you have to meet, unfortunately
like the game needs to
be out that say by,
by this time in a
year, like in November, let's
say so it's very hard
to miss that deadline. So
that's why if you don't
plan quite well, then you
have a lot of work
left to do so that's
why people stay late and
do extra work. Okay. And
now that you've been on
this for three years, was
it continuous delivery the whole
time or did you, did
you, did you all start
with this saying like, all
right, someone's going to say
file new project and Jafar
is going to work with
his team and make sure
that that builds and we're
going to deliver it all
the time or wasn't there
an initial, I don't know,
was there an initial crunch
to get it to a
buildable state before you got
into the groove of continuous
delivery? That's a good question.
So when we, I mean,
we actually tried to start
practicing continuous delivery on the
previous project, but we didn't
obviously manage to do that.
There are certain aspects that
we definitely tried on the
previous project. For instance, we
work on a it's called
trunk based development, or basically
everybody work in one single
branch. So we then branch
off for release or people
don't work the different features
on different branches. We just
work on one branch. So
we were practicing that on
the previous projects that we,
we are using a lot
of foundations. We built over
time, but on this project
from day one, we started
with continuous delivery mind. And
what we, what, what really
helped us with cause one,
one pressure you get with
games is you need to
still show progress. And with
continuity, you need to build
a lot of foundations in
place. Like for instance, we
were writing our testing framework
to begin with or setting
up our deployment pipeline to
the, with as opposed to
developing new features and or
figuring how to write test
the code that can be
tested well. But so it
was very hard to try
to show progress. What's your
billing of all of these
foundations? So what we did
was we used the completely
different engine to write our
prototype that then we can
then demo that to other
people. And that was, that
was almost like a throwaway
code. We were not trying
to make like develop that
we continuously remind to that
at all. So that lift,
lift a lot of pressure
off the development team so
they can build all these
foundations and pipeline wise. The,
like we were trying to
answer a lot of questions
from the design perspective, especially
with the prototype. Cause it's
very hard to do both
at the same time. That's
what we found. So Let
me get into some of
the nitty gritty because I
understand the, the code bits
of this. I less understand
the asset management aspect are
you using get or where
are you putting your code?
So we are using pear
force per force. Okay. Yeah.
So we can't use gait,
unfortunately. And we, when we,
when we were evaluating different
source control systems, the main
problem we had with it
at that point was that
it wasn't very good with
large binary fines. And also
the other problem is like
with binary files, which are
art assets, mainly you can't
really marriage them. It's not
like code that. I change
one function, you change another
function. We just merge these
two together with, but with
binary files, you basically override
the other person. So you
need to usually lock these
phones to make sure nobody
else is touching this file
as you're editing it. That's
why that doesn't work well
with the kit and distributed
model. So, and we found
that generally Perforce force was,
was a better option and
a lot of AAA games
are using Perforce or other
centralized source contract systems. Okay.
And all the assets and
code all are in the
single branch, as I mentioned.
So because look in the
past, we use different models
where you have a separate
branch for, for, for instance,
for assets, a different branch
for code, but it's a
lot simpler if you are
working in a single branch.
Okay. So the, There are
solutions and get to allow
you to have like pointers
to large files and different
things like that. Like the,
the being able to lock
things down has been, is
an important feature. Yes, that's
right. Yeah. And maybe, I
mean, I haven't looked at
Gates for the last couple
of years. Maybe, maybe I'm
wrong now. Like it has
been improved a lot, but
what, what I would say
is probably in, in six
to nine months from now,
we would evaluate again and
see how it is. But
they obviously would be difficult
challenge to move a project
already for years and change
the source going to assistance
for that. So Well, yeah.
And you're making a decision.
This is about a decision
you made three or four
years ago when you start
off you don't exactly. Switch
systems halfway. Yeah. That's right.
Yeah. What is the build
server like? Is that a
build server of your own
making or is it something
like TeamCity or VSTS? Yeah,
so we are actually using
team city. We have, we
use team city on the
previous project as well. And,
but prior to that, we
had our own system. We
developed it when we, when
you, we used to have
one or two build agents,
we had our own system,
but when we started the
previous project, we decided to
not use that system and
just go with team city.
Did you have to make
custom in this team city
smart about games or is
just, this is just going
out to command line applications
that go and do the
rendering or the squishing of
images or the compression or
whatever, you know, asset specific
things you have to do.
Is it dealing with that
or is it only concerning
concerning itself Plus plus, yeah,
so teams doesn't provide much
support for games. So we
have to do a lot
of the work ourselves. And
for instance, you have, as
you said, you to run
a process and that will
either return an exit code
zero or one. If it's,
let's say, if, if everything's
good, the returns it's called
zero, which TeamCity knows, that
means everything's good, that passed,
but he doesn't know the
detail about that. So you
have to provide a lot
of information back to team
city. And again, with games,
like what we find is
like, we hit some limits
that even like with team
cities is hard and sometimes
you have to work around
some limitations with TeamCity as
well, to give you some
examples. For, for instance, we
generate about between eight to
10 terabyte of just, just
build artifacts per day and
just having that storage and
clean up that storage. Cause
we basically do otherwise we're
going to burn through a
lot of stories. So we
have to clean them up
quite regularly. And just as
a simple case, for instance,
there isn't really a very
complicated cleanup that would serve
our needs in teams. It
is, or we have to
come up with some solutions
of our own. Okay. And
those are in the, in
the form of plugins or
extensions to TeamCity that play,
play with TeamCity but do
specific things that you need
them to do. Yes, that's
right. Yeah. Okay. That's great.
And you said that now
you've got this tuned to
the point where you're releasing
every day and really good
candidates every week. Sorry. No,
no, no. So we have
good candidates every day and
we released Every day. Okay.
So you release every week,
but you could potentially release
at any moment. That's right.
That everyday. And the, the,
the important thing is that
what we, what we do
here is like making sure
that like, cause one of
the challenges with like releasing
regularly is obviously like players
would have to keep downloading
any styling is, is, it's
not like seamless, such as
a website, updating a website
behind the scene. Like every
time you release a new
version, especially on a console,
like players have to update,
otherwise they can't play the
game. So you can't really
like, you don't want it
to be the case when
like every time somebody tries
to play your game, they
have to spend time downloading
gigabytes of data. Well, how
do you solve that? I
mean, I'm not familiar with,
I mean, I have an
Xbox and of course it
updates all the time. Is
it updating deltas? Are we
just sending diffs down or
do you have a technique
where you can go around
the existing system and update
within the game itself? So
no, no, definitely. We are
using, we are building on
the platform and the delivery
mechanism that is defining what
you have with what is
available. So let's say if
you, if you don't turn
on your Xbox and your,
an update for like, let's
say month, you're only going
to get the Delta between
what you have. And what's
out there as opposed to
getting each of the releases
that we have done over
that period of time. But
one thing we, we do,
we have, we are working
on right now as well
is to make sure that
you only get what has
been changed, which means that
like, if, if the assets
let's say they haven't changed,
which you shouldn't really have
to download that again, otherwise
you will lose all your
bandwidth because some people have
limits on how much they
can download for instance in
a month. And we can
easily consume all of that.
If you're not careful. I
mean, I have to say
though, with our game, when
we are still not at
the hundred gigabyte stage, yet
we are about 15 to
20 gigabyte right now, but
that's where we expect to
be. And the a hundred
gigabytes figure is from like
the AAA titles, which is
for sure. Sure. Well, certainly
when 4k starts happening, your,
your code might not necessarily
get bigger, but your assets
are going to be huge.
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. That's nuts.
And when you release, are
you doing the DIFs? Like,
let's say that there's versions
0.1 and 0.2 and all
the way up through 1.0,
does the platform take care
of the diffs or do
you have to build the
TIFs and then ship each
individual TIFF to go from
0.1 to 1.0 and 0.3
to one point? No, no.
Luckily the platform take cares
of that. Okay, sure. You
ship the final 20 gigs
or the 15 gigs that's
right. And they figure out
all the tips. Yeah, exactly.
Which is, which is great.
Cause we don't have to
worry about that. Does that
mean that a store based
system, like, you know, an
app store or a game
store, like the platform provides
you on Xbox or the
app store on iPhone really
lends itself to, to continuous
delivery. I mean, if you
can take updates every week
as a, as a user
and the app store will
handle the diffs and the
store will worry about getting
everyone up to date, that's
a nice benefit that fits
very well with your goal,
which is a quality game
all the time. That is
constant. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. That's
a really good point. Yes
it is. Although I have
to say with these kinds
of platforms that you have
to release through them, they
have a certification process normally
and which they cause obviously
they want to protect their,
their platform. They want to
make sure the games let's
say that are released on
Xbox, have certain quality to
maintain the reputation of that
platform. So that's, that's, that
could be a bottleneck here.
Cause if you imagine like,
cause traditionally for games, dance
up to two weeks because
they want to test everything
in the game, they want
to make sure that the
game doesn't crash for instance,
and they have some metrics
like how long it takes
between crashes, that kind of
stuff. Oh wow. Given we
are a part of Microsoft
and we have been doing
this for, for two years.
We have a really good
relationship with the certification team
within Microsoft. And our surgery
is nowhere near two weeks
is a lot less. Okay.
But we can release weekly.
You see? So you work
out a relationship with the
owners of whatever app store
you're sending to and they
start to realize, Oh, this
is a good quality. They'll
test it differently. But it
sounds like it's another whole
build system that you don't
have visibility into. And they're
doing a kind of testing
The results. Yes. To some
extent, but over the, over
the last year or so
they have, they've evolved their
approach, which is really good.
So as opposed to trying
to prevent a lot of
problems, they kind of, when
they, when they trust like
a, like a company or
like a game or the
title of developers, what they
do is they, they, they,
they are less restrictive, but
they have a lot of
metrics that they look at.
So they can see for
instance, how they game behaves.
Like if it's crashing your
lot, that kind of stuff.
And if it turns out
that these developers are not
careful anymore, they would put
more pressure, more checks to
make sure they maintain the
quality. Okay. Interesting. But you
haven't found that releasing to
the store has been a
big issue. No, that'd be
being quite lucky that they've
been working well with us
in that sense and the,
the evolve, their, their process
to support this. And do
you said that you, at
the beginning, you're releasing this
on Xbox one X, which
is, you know, it's A
construct it's like micro-generation or
a minor generation and you
know, it's a big deal.
Cause it's got 4k mine,
mine shows up in the
mail today. Oh, that's great.
Yeah. Thanks. So, I mean,
I don't know if we
can call it another, is
it another build target, nor
is it the same binary?
Like, is this actually, that's
a good question. You also
released a windows. Do you
release one thing or do
you release three things? So
that's a good question. No,
actually we compiled. So Xbox
one and Xbox one X
that we use the same
compiler for both of them.
So the output from the
court isn't really different. The
main difference is the acid.
Then as you say, the
forecast is that you want
to deliver two X plus
one X audience, but with
the PC, we have to
combine the PC separately. So
we basically have to combine
for two platforms and this
scenario, okay, so you are
releasing two separate things, but
code the underlying code, like
you said, is it's a
universal platform. So it's not
a, is it a big
deal or is it just
about what the user sees
or what, how, what's the
difference between an Xbox version
and a, so it's the,
at the court, there isn't
much of a difference, but
for instance, networking layer is
different as an example. And
graphics again is, is different.
Cause like for, for PC,
you're going to have different
graphics cards and different drivers,
so, right, right, right. The,
the parts of the game
that touches the hardware are,
are different. Whereas the core,
there's a logic of the
game, that kind of stuff.
They're, they're identical. It doesn't
really matter. All right. When
is this coming out? You're
shipping every week, but when
do I get it every
week? So we have a
technical alpha program that people
can, can come and play.
We have a good, a
really good community. I think,
I don't know exact numbers,
but I think over a
hundred thousand people signed up
to that program and they,
they can play the game
regularly like that. We had
one session over the weekend,
but they are, they are
under NDA. So they can't
really talk much about the
game, but we are hoping
to reduce that restriction fairly
soon. And it would be
as, as you mentioned, it
would be in 2018 when
the game would be out
for four public. So hopefully
more people will be able
to play. But what I
would say is if anybody's
interested, they can sign up
to the technical alpha program
that we have for sea
of thieves and hopefully get
a chance to play the
game. Very cool. Well, thank
you so much for letting
us see behind the curtain
and how you're going to
be building that game. No
worries at all. Thank you
very much for having me.
It's been a great fun,
absolute pleasure. This has been
another episode of Hansel minutes
and we'll see you again.
Next time. .